# Conventions of the project

### What is this and why?

This includes the conventions **created and followed by me** during this project. This helps me to write better code and also helps to organize my code in a structure.

## Project Structure Convention

### Notebooks

1. Separate the notebooks of yours and CampusX's sir. _If you add them in the project repo **generally don't add them here**._
2. Try to create separate folders for every type of data analysis because it helps to organize the **different versions of the notebook analysis-type**.
3. Naming of notebooks: `version_analysis-type.ipynb` **`->>`** `1.0_PREPROCESSING.ipynb`

### ML Models

1. Try to train the ml models using the `yaml` method. (The newly learned method.)
2. **Which method should I apply on this project:**
   - [ ] **100/20 :** Perform `GridSearchCV` in Jupyter Notebook then evaluate the models and pick the best one to deploy.
   - [ ] **100/50 :** Do all the steps in Jupyter Notebook and Python scripts as well. Just filter the worst algorithms.
3. Try to keep track of all the algorithms with `evidently.ai` library.

# TODO

- [ ] Always **keep track of project version**.
- [ ] **HOME page** contains important links and explain the project to the users.
- [ ] **Write good documents** for the project. Explain each and every details and aspects of the project.
- [ ] **Show logs** of the project in the web app.

### Extras

- [ ] **Add the data** of this project **to a database** in the cloud.
- [ ] **Add the model monitoring page** (generated by `evidently.ai` library) on the website.
